hey youtube my name is joy if you're not
already subscribed to my channel go
ahead and subscribe and like this video
and comment if you have any questions
about this amazing product that I just
dropped it's called sugar bear hair hair
vitamins ok so I know people have a lot
of questions on sugar bear hair vitamins
and if they really work and I can't
answer that exact question it because I
just got my subscription but I can't
tell you that these bad boys smell
amazing they actually do smell like the
berries that they said they want they're
gluten free soy free cruelty free and
they're vegetarian gummies and some
people ask if you stopped taking them
will they stop making your hair grow oh
not exactly it will stop making it girl
at the sugar bear hair fast rate and
then just go back to your natural speeds
like this people's hair go like one inch
a year I guess sugar bear looks good
like seven inches year I don't know but
it'll make it the girl back at your
natural rate um and can voice this is
sugar goes this they can other words for
all genders and hair types you see my
hair is really curly and defined or
whatnot and some people may have one
silkier more thin hair and that works
that shape your hair is used to making
it go longer and stronger and also make
sure nails grow and you know my nails
have been going a little bit and for my
hair I make sure everything's get back
to you guys in a month to tell you how
these sugar bear gummies have been
working on my hair how they've been
working magic and miracles on my game um
yeah so it takes about three to five
days for them to get to your house and
you live in Florida probably have one
day I'm just playing there was two
things do live in Florida but yeah it
takes about 3 to 5 days to get your
house it was sick too
he's a ding only two because they're
still vitamins they taste just like
candies like grilled and revenge and
smell like it so don't get confused
they're still vitamins so just take two
a day and they taste so good look like
you won't forget cuz you know regular
hair supplements you take that knee and
they smell way back and they just taste
horrible so you see oh I don't want to
if they work I mean some are better than
others but they weren't you just like oh
I don't want to take their meal you know
they're pills for these are gummies you
literally chew on them
you swallow and it tastes just like
candy
so you don't forget to take these so
that may give you better results on your
hair growth so that's a little different
so they have vinyl team
folic acid and vitamin C their dietary
supplement I miss it for your hair you
couldn't lose no weight taken please
keep a bunch of children the age of
which our children can get these I don't
know if you're pregnant you should go
ask your doctor we had any health issues
or concerns about what would happen if
you take these sugar right here vitamin
supplements you should go talk to your
local doctor so yeah pretty much
everything you need to know is on the
website go visit sugar bear hair calm
facial yesterday's yes
so yeah they have the ingredients
showing that has glucose syrup sugar
pours water looking at my finger I broke
it anyway I was gonna do an unboxing but
then you give me a box to unbox see
enough they sent it in like this plastic
container and I don't want that all over
the house so I just do it away but they
did send this
one sheet of paper to say what my order
was and they said it thank you beautiful
I'm trying to have me buy a three-month
subscription tell who they owe they also
did send this hair both free hair and it
just says sugar right here so this is
amazing I'm gonna be using this one of
these fine days but yeah that's it
shave a hair vitamin supplements so I'm
actually gonna recommend these cuz this
tastes so good and they're really good
for your hair
there's no backfire you don't start
growing here other places everybody just
turn your head and you're feeling oh
sure to go okay who wouldn't want a long
fingernails a long hair come on so yeah
the one Mac subscription is $29.99 which
is fairly on the expensive side but I
mean you can do it and there's a three
month one worth like 150 $160 try the
win-win first before you you know go on
to have a shopping spree finish sugar
baby hairs and just see if they weren't
for you I mean they work for me so
that's the video show right here so let
me go ahead and take mine for the day
and continue my
thanks guys ah